kawai bible college started six years
ago with the intent on grounding men and
women in the Word of God the overall
purpose and goal of the school is to
actually raise up disciples for the
kingdom of God and not just disciples
but the cycle makers we have a heart to
see men and women grow in their faith
but also their knowledge of who God is
and true christ jesus' we do this we
accomplish this through an academic
setting students go through classes
whether they are on different books of
the Bible or on discipleship well I've
been here I've learned how to do daily
disciplines that are essential for a
Christian lifestyle and I've learned how
to impact others around me I love the
uplifting atmosphere of all the staff
and students and the encouragement for
you to grow closer to Lord and white is
an amazing place to grow in your walk
with the Lord because it's one of the
most beautiful places on it so we have
fun we go hiking surf and we really get
to enjoy the creation and God has given
us there's an endless amount of stuff to
do outside and hiking and surfing and
just anything that the island has to
offer really wherever you go whether you
are called to be a minister whether
you're called to be in missions or
whether you're called to go and be in a
full-time occupation somewhere else this
is a great place to come and to allow
the Lord to raise you up before you go
and do what God has called you to do if
you want to learn more about the Word of
God if you want to be established more
in your faith come out to Kauai Bible
College it's a phenomenal experience and
you will be blessed if you come god
bless you guys
you